he has always defended
by the human person as an end never as a means
has defended the freedom of thought other reasonable reasoned thinking
critical
he has defended freedom
against prices
different from the dictates of any
authoritarian regime
we try to carry out the studies
comprehensive training
that you can talk about different careers
but what I did in the background there is a tradition says it is man
and it is known that it is impossible
it's the love of the country in this way things clearly
the Catholic nasa has a girl who is fundamental and who for us in
psychology that are alien or work that line social responsibility
university
on August 15 after the earthquake that shook
in that country mainly in the southern area
st us
we decided to make an intervention
the issue of mental health because the affected population not only lose
their houses
If not that by the houses also loses a project of life
we travel in the luxury van
humanity is that or not
the driver was a devout world specialty very large and small
somehow everyone felt the need to be a necessity of
commit and offer the user
there we arrived and proposed a dynamic in that sense that there is freedom to
we all know that we have to deal with children
also yesterday we will propose
the type of game the type of the mic adduced the workshop
but many people are a are in a situation
hence they have lost everything
previously as if it was finished 3
there are for us together with parade
at some time
the Taliban
mel of activities
they do well not only
love has revealed academic but also your most human side not then
I do not think there can be a professional that is excellent, let's say
with very good and that does not have its values
also hand in hand
and nobody escapes from this edition
an example is the dynamic is to say the silence of history through the
Riva-Agüero Institute
just here you are looking for your approach
to the peoples this approach to this reality
because in addition
as dead comes from antiquity
the history
is in some way master of life
a shepherd already
it is not known where the professional knowledge will be applied
no engineers are trained
abstract
yes no engineers who have to know the national reality
later the diversity
to the oscar libertarian
there is freedom of the press are to be able to express their ideas percent
give a personal touch to the contents presented health
from iu you have to be motivated in 1 here not necessarily what you have to
apply are expensive measures
the now I find out
over 18 years through research projects projected that this is
the one of the students of the catholic university the objective of the first group
of support sprint access
to the population below economic resources to appropriate technologies
due to the fact that it is used economic materials of the area
and they do not harm the environment
it seems to me that it is the best radio as
percent from my own experience working with the miners
percent
with communicators
Lawyers who are asked care about the environment by the way
solve urgent needs of the country
I see this university
a university of cultural diversity
that for me is
so hard
what a university welcomes me
as well as me peasants
have never had this opportunity
and here I am studying in this is a moment is without surgery
in the path
I'm living
suddenly boyera political science
I will never forget the teachers their names I want to carry in my memory
because there is a lot
many teachers who have motivated me as well as classmates when
we work in groups we have also had some discrepancies because I
I know the reality